What is it guys and welcome x so now you can see that I have added so many posts right here.
If I go to all posted he can see that every post is coming right here.
OK.
I have also added those images as well.
So let's go to view our website and you can see that when mutilated the reconned and the pages were
also created.
So this is a best plug for coming here and you can see these posters coming here like this.
This is how basically the post-work you can see how this is coming how this is coming how this is coming
in these post are coming as a blog post.
You can see this is the title right here and it says Continue reading so if I just open up there you
can see how this is coming.
So we have these concentrate here and a taste that you might also like.
So if I just open up the category associated with this and then you will see how this is coming so you
can see this is coming this is coming this is coming under the category because we have assigned the
category to be a Samsung.
So now in this video we're going to be creating that page.
OK.
And then we're going to be working up in this case of first to fall what we have to do we basically
need to customize it.
OK.
We're going to come here and we want to customize it.
We're also going to create a page for the home page and for the post-Beatles.
Well OK.
Let's customize and you can see that this custom Mizer is loading.
So if you look at so many blogs right here you must have seen that these blogs show like this.
OK we had they have some sliders right here of the post they have some post right here.
They have a featured post and then they have this like this.
OK.
So they have the ads coming here as well.
And this is how they work.
And if I just hit all their post they go to the page too.
So they have the main page to be the post optimized OK.
But we will not be moving on with this since this is a really simple blog.
You can see that the blog needs to be simple.
This is the theory behind this because people are coming here for reading not that not that design but
you can create the simple design as well.
That is what we are going to talk about in this course.
OK so first of all we want to change this to be like this since this is about the technology so I'm
going to hit tech blog.
OK.
And this tagline is going to be the best
we blog Tech Knology OK.
And then we have the site I can see you probably know about site icon I'm not going to upload any of
the stack on right here.
OK then we have the menu so we can create some pages and assign that as menu.
We'll be doing that later on.
And then we have the veggie tray here.
I'm going to be telling you about it later.
Not right now.
OK.
You'll first design our page ok and then we have the general options we have Cherno signing general
settings and then we have the page table right here and everything.
But first what we have to do we basically need to design our home page.
OK.
And what we have to do we need to go to
Chanterelle options here should be OK.
We don't have that tray here.
We just need to create.
OK so what we have to do we have to just publish Okay.
And we want to go to the yes to complete will be cost.
And we basically need to create those pages that we created and they were also deleted.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to pages and then I'm going to go to add new OK and I want
to add in your page.
The first page is going to be my home.
OK.
And I'm going to hit this publish.
I got it.
This is taking me to the elementary.
Let's just go ahead let's just go back and we want to basically publish our home page.
I'm going to go to the ad you and I want to hate edit and I basically want to publish this page.
So we have published this page.
We also want to create a new age in that that that page will be all post bage that is going to show
all the post that we have all posts.
OK.
And I'm going to I'm going to just change the length of this to be the blog
or just seen it to be the blog as well.
Or just choose or post.
Ok all posts.
I'm just going to hit.
OK.
So this is my link.
I'm going to hit publish right here and you can see that this is published as well.
I'm going to go to the sittings right here.
And I want to go to Reading and I want to assign those pages.
I'm going to give I'm here I'm going to choose the homepage to be home and the post to be paste or post.
I'm just going to come here and be basically you want to edit this page.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this.
And now if I view my page you're going to see this is how it's looking.
And if I just go to the blog page slash blog which will be the title under the all post.
OK.
You can see how this is looking as well.
So I just basically want to edit this completely.
So I want a logo right here.
And we basically have to work on the header.
So I'm going to go to the customized right here.
Let's move on with the header the toolbar and everything.
And let's design our thing.
So everything is ready and we just basically wanted to design our blog.
OK let's just close it and again see this is loading right here.
So first of all we have to say I think you're done with tight identity.
We want to go to the home page settings but we want to go to the Tabari.
So first of all let's go to the Tobar.
When I go to the general options right here.
OK.
And here we have the color right here.
I'm going to choose the colors to be the background color to be a little bit of Quraysh.
OK.
This looks cool.
And I want the border color to be nothing.
I don't want any Prokosch.
I'm going to just going to use the Tron spirit and the text color is going to be white right here.
Cool.
And the link color.
It's going to be white as well.
OK.
And I also wanted the Hoover color.
So my Holbert color is going to be a bit of black not the full black but it should be.
Yes the full black.
OK.
Now what we want to do we want to publish it.
We're going to go back here and in the content.
We need to add the content right here.
So first of all we need that email.
So we're going to go to.
Fun.
Awesome Dad.
I know slash icons.
And I want to grab the e-mail.
So
let's just give him here let's just search e-mail and there we go.
Have this right here.
I want to copy this and I want to paste it.
So this is coming right here.
I want to add that info and as to dot complete WP course dot com.
OK so I will tell you that.
How can you create these type of emails later on because these are all so important and you should be
creating the company based e-mails is not the normal e-mails.
OK.
You can see we have this break here.
So now what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
So let's go back and then we have the social so we can also add the social links.
I want to add the Facebook wants to add a hash.
I said the Twitter I said that Google Plus and let's add the Instagram link LinkedIn and the YouTube.
So they would go.
These are coming right here.
I want to do the styling right here so Schillings color is going to be white.
And if someone whoever said it should be for black
cool.
OK.
I want to come here to publish right here.
And I want to go back and now we need to design this page.
This is the header header section.
OK.
I want to come here and here it says the general setting so we have the minimal transparency and everything
so you can design whether you want it to be minimal or anything.
I'm just going to go with the minimal height should be a bit more cool.
The weather is not full of it.
The head or water bottom I don't want the water right here and cool.
I want to go back KHRAIS here and here is the head of media so I can add a header background image on
video as well if I want to but I want to add anything.
What I want basically should be let's go back let's go back and let's go to the logo right here.
So I want to add the logo right here.
So let's just add any of the logo.
It doesn't matter.
OK I'm going to go to the select file upload file and we need the logo basically So I mean I go to the
desktop and I think I should be going up with this logo so it doesn't matter.
OK.
I'm just going to select it.
I'm going to crop it.
OK.
And I'm going to hit crop range and you can see that it should be added right here.
A sweet.
And there we go.
This is coming right here.
So this is very big.
OK.
I want to change the size of it.
So
let's go to the head straight here.
Let's go to the logo.
The max bed should be
this much cool.
This is looking fine.
OK.
Max height and max height can mean anything.
So we can also optimize it from Mobile.
You guys already know how to optimize it from about OK.
And select a logo twice the normal logos.
So if you want the big logo to appear in a big screen size is coming so you can also choose a video
as well OK.
And then we have the menu right here we have the social menu and then we have the mobile menu.
So I think we don't want to do anything right here.
OK.
We basically want to change the look of it.
So I'm going to go to the general options and then we have the general styling.
OK.
How can we change this style of the header.
I'm going to go to the general.
And there we go.
So this is the background color.
I'm going to change it to be
cool.
This is how my hair is looking.
So we were basically following the black and white team logo.
The theme because I really like the black and white eight teams to say OK now we can see this is coming
right here.
We have or everything coming.
We can also change the menu links later on we will change it.
OK.
Now what we have to do we have to just hit publish and he can see that our header is totally completed
and it is already looking cool.
So in the next video we will be working to the home page.
We're going to show some of the post like post by category post by this recent post featured host and
most recent viewed post and something like that.
But this element toward the stadium now is an goodbye.